Update token docs (#5657)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/themes/design-tokens/index.mdx

<Image
  src="/img/theming/token-themes-light.png"
  srcDark="/img/theming/token-themes-dark.png"
  alt=""
/>

## How tokens are structured

Salt uses a tiered token structure to provide flexibility with mode, theme, and density options. The token tiers—Foundations, Palettes, and Semantic Characteristics—make it easy to adjust styles and settings across components, ensuring consistency and adaptability throughout your application.

<Image
  src="/img/theming/token-tiers-light.png"
  srcDark="/img/theming/token-tiers-dark.png"
  alt=""
/>

### Foundations

Foundation tokens are the base-level tokens that reference the raw values at the core of the design system. For more information about each foundation, see the [Foundations](/salt/foundations/index) section.

### Palettes

Palette tokens are collections of commonly used foundation tokens and are referenced by semantic characteristic tokens. A palette token can point to different foundation tokens, allowing components to switch between light and dark modes.

> ### Semantic characteristics

Reviewer: We should say this as it is: Characteristic.
Then lead with Semantic tokens live in the Characteristic layer. They are groups of tokens that...

> Palette tokens are collections of commonly used foundation tokens and are referenced by semantic characteristic tokens. Palette tokens are never referenced directly in components or patterns. A palette token can point to different foundation tokens, allowing components to switch between light and dark modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Palette tokens are collections of commonly used foundation tokens and are referenced by semantic characteristic tokens. Palette tokens are never referenced directly in components or patterns. The purpose of the palette layer is to enable mode switching (e.g., light or dark), allowing a single semantic token from the characteristics layer to have more than one value.
```
